DOC-3837 - Note the requirement for back-ticks with the Sync Function (#118)
couchbaselabs/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/sync-function.adoc

    // Your code here
}
----

> The Sync Function must be written with backticks (+`+) in the configuration file (xref::getting-started.adoc#configure-sync-gateway[one example]).

Reviewer: >must

They can also be done with standard JSON double quotes, but in that case must have new lines escaped.

> The Sync Function can be surrounded with backticks (+`+) in the configuration file (xref::getting-started.adoc#configure-sync-gateway[example]) or with standard JSON double quotes, but in that case new lines must be escaped (`\n`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sync Function can be surrounded with backticks (+`+) in the configuration file (xref::getting-started.adoc#configure-sync-gateway[example])to allow multiple lines to be used; or with standard JSON double quotes, in which case new lines must be escaped (`\n`).
```

As above
